Having a glimpse of today's technical improvement, we can figure out an increasing number of students have their own electronic devices and spend much time on online activities. Numerous news are reported about the youngsters escaped from school and devoted themselves to playing games, eventually died in a sudden. Therefore, someone blame the educational issues on the cellphones and online functions. Otherwise, from my perspective, I strongly disagree with the proposition because the appearance of Internet and electronic devices can also do good for student.

Firstly, with cellphones and the social networking websites, it is more convenient for students to do homework and parents can also involved in their children's studying progress. After a whole day's courses at school, students need to do some extra exercises, mostly like homework, to enhance what they have learned. In the past, they are required hand in their paper and teachers correct students' work by hand. But now, children can just take a picture of their work and upload them online to their teachers. On the other hand, with such highly-technical functions, teachers can send the feedback to students' parents as well.

What's more, the students can take courses online, no matter what the weather is or whether some accidents happen or not. In other words, children have access to learn at home and create an atmosphere of classroom on the websites. The method is extremely prevail nowadays. Furthermore, not merely classes that school requires, but much extra knowledge can be caught online. Take me as an example, to be honest, I learned my TOFEL from Internet because the online courses' schedule are more flexible for me to learn at my leisure time.

Nevertheless, it is unbelieved that cellphones games do harm to children's studying career. We trace evidence to a plenty of pupils who wear glasses and hold their phones nearly every moment. However, everything like coins have two sides, we cannot deny or reject one fresh thing only for its disadvantages. Evidently, today's students are more intelligent and creative than their parents because of the computer and advanced tools. To illustrate, it is acknowledged that mathematics require a large amount of calculation and many mathematics need to calcu